docs: Grammar overhaul (#20636)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/10.deployment.md

---
navigation.icon: uil:rocket
description: Deploy on a Node.js server, pre-render for static hosting, and to serverless or edge environments.
---

# Deployment

> A Nuxt application is deployable on a Node.js server, can be pre-rendered for static hosting, or deployed to serverless or edge (CDN) environments.

Author: Implemented a new version, removed the unnecessary `can be`

- `NITRO_PORT` or `PORT` (defaults to `3000`)
- `NITRO_HOST` or `HOST` (defaults to `'0.0.0.0'`)

> - `NITRO_SSL_CERT` and `NITRO_SSL_KEY` - if both are present, this will launch the server in HTTPS mode. In most cases, this should be left alone for purposes other than testing, and the Nitro server should run behind a reverse proxy like Nginx or Cloudflare, terminating SSL.

Author: Shouldn't Nginx be capitalized as it's a name?

> - `NITRO_SSL_CERT` and `NITRO_SSL_KEY` - if both are present, this will launch the server in HTTPS mode. In most cases, this should be left alone for purposes other than testing, and the Nitro server should run behind a reverse proxy like Nginx or Cloudflare, terminating SSL.

Author: I mean, it's still a firm, and by naming conventions firms need to be capitalized. But I'll make it lowercase if the docs say it.

#### Using Cluster Mode

You can use `NITRO_PRESET=node_cluster` to leverage multi-process performance using Node.js [cluster](https://nodejs.org/dist/latest/docs/api/cluster.html) module.

By default, the workload gets distributed to the workers with the round-robin strategy.

### Learn More

:ReadMore{link="https://nitro.unjs.io/deploy/node" title="the Nitro documentation for node-server preset"}

## Static Hosting

There are two ways to deploy a Nuxt application to any static hosting service:

> - Static site generation (SSG) with `ssr: true` pre-renders your application's routes at build time. (This is the default behavior when running `nuxi generate`.) It will also generate `/200.html` and `/404.html` single-page app fallback pages, which can render dynamic routes or 404 errors on the client (though you may need to configure this on your static host).

Author: Is the 's really necessary here?

> - Static site generation (SSG) with `ssr: true` pre-renders your application's routes at build time. (This is the default behavior when running `nuxi generate`.) It will also generate `/200.html` and `/404.html` single-page app fallback pages, which can render dynamic routes or 404 errors on the client (though you may need to configure this on your static host).

Reviewer: Hmm... what about entirely removing the phrase 'single-page app'? Doesn't seem to bring significant value (+ 404 error rather than errors, it's one in the end):
```suggestion
- Static Site Generation (SSG) with `ssr: true` pre-renders your application's routes at build time. (This is the default behavior when running `nuxi generate`.) It will also generate `/200.html` and `/404.html` fallback pages, which can render dynamic routes or 404 error on the client (though you may need to configure this on your static host).
```

> - Static site generation (SSG) with `ssr: true` pre-renders your application's routes at build time. (This is the default behavior when running `nuxi generate`.) It will also generate `/200.html` and `/404.html` single-page app fallback pages, which can render dynamic routes or 404 errors on the client (though you may need to configure this on your static host).

Author: I think the plural is fine here, since you would need to add an 'a' for it to be singular

> - Static site generation (SSG) with `ssr: true` pre-renders your application's routes at build time. (This is the default behavior when running `nuxi generate`.) It will also generate `/200.html` and `/404.html` single-page app fallback pages, which can render dynamic routes or 404 errors on the client (though you may need to configure this on your static host).

Author: Implemented alternative phrasing

## CDN Proxy

In most cases, Nuxt can work with third-party content not generated or created by it. But sometimes such content can cause problems, especially Cloudflare's "Minification and Security Options".

Accordingly, you should ensure the following options are unchecked/disabled in Cloudflare. Otherwise, unnecessary re-rendering or hydration errors could impact your production application.

1. Speed > Optimization > Auto Minify: Uncheck JavaScript, CSS, and HTML

> 2. Speed > Optimization > Disable "Rocket Loader™"

Author: Fixed for all
